philosophers and poets devote their
lives to the question what thoughts lie
on the mind of the king but one does not
need to be either to see what is on your
mind my friend
so let me hear it in your words you dish
tell me why the king does not sleep and
instead burns with conflict a million
men Krishna a million men burned alive
in an instant and this was just the
first day of this war
all the fears and doubts I had when I
challenged dear Donna for my kingdom lie
in front of me again before the Sun
rises on our second day of battle all an
account of my actions Krishna the blood
is on my hands all these men and the
countless yet to die for my birthright
and honor would be living happily if I
had just surrendered to Duryodhana I
need no counsel Lord Krishna in the
burdens a king must bear and yet if my
honor and birthright is too soaked in
the blood of ordinary men you do not
question my orders but rather lay down
their lives for them I do not know how
many more days I will be able to prolong
this war I lose sleep Krishna because I
choose their deaths over their lives and
as I see the river swallow up their
ashes I'm not certain I made the right
choice
you